Enterprise 'influxd-ctl' CLI restructure (#5166)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/enterprise_influxdb/v1/tools/influxd-ctl/leave.md

## Examples

- [Remove nodes from a cluster](#remove-nodes-from-a-cluster)
- [Remove nodes from a cluster and assume yes to all prompts](#remove-nodes-from-a-cluster-and-assume-yes-to-all-prompts)

### Remove nodes from a cluster

In the following example, `influxd-ctl leave` detects the meta node running at
`cluster-node-03:8091` and the data node running at `cluster-node-03:8088` in
an existing InfluxDB Enterprise cluster and prompts the user to remove them.

```bash
influxd-ctl leave
```

###### Command output and interactive prompts

```txt
Searching for data node on cluster-node-03:8088...
Remove data node cluster-node-03:8088 from the cluster [y/N]: y
Removed cluster-node-03:8088 from the cluster
Searching for meta node on cluster-node-03:8091...
Remove meta node cluster-node-03:8091 from the cluster [y/N]: y

Successfully left cluster

  * Removed data node cluster-node-03:8088 from cluster
  * Removed meta node cluster-node-03:8091 from cluster
```

### Remove nodes from a cluster and assume yes to all prompts

In the following example, `influxd-ctl leave` detects the meta node running at
`cluster-node-03:8091` and the data node running at `cluster-node-03:8088` in an

> existing InfluxDB Enterprise cluster removes them from the cluster without prompts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
existing InfluxDB Enterprise cluster and then, without prompting for input, removes them from the cluster:
```

```bash

> $ influxd-ctl leave -y

Reviewer: ```suggestion
influxd-ctl leave -y
```
